ls
ghci 
pwd 
cabal Eval_Tests.hs 
cabal test
cd ..
ls
cd ..
ls
cabal test
futhark --version
ls
cd ..
ls
cd lssp/ 
ls
futhark bench lssp-same.fut
futhark bench lssp-zeros.fut 
futhark bench lssp-sorted.fut 
futhark bench lssp-same.fut
futhark bench lssp-zeros.fut 
futhark bench lssp-sorted.fut 
futhark bench lssp-same.fut
futhark bench lssp-same.fut
cat lssp-same.fut 
futhark bench lssp-same.fut
futhark bench lssp-same.fut
futhark bench lssp-same.fut
futhark bench lssp-same.fut
futhark bench lssp-same.fut
futhark bench lssp-same.fut
futhark bench lssp-same.fut
futhark bench lssp-same.fut
futhark bench lssp-same.fut
futhark bench lssp-sorted.fut 
futhark bench lssp-same.fut
futhark bench lssp-same.fut
futhark bench lssp-same.fut
futhark bench lssp-zeros 
futhark bench lssp-zeros.fut 
futhark bench lssp-zeros.fut 
futhark bench lssp-same.fut 
futhark bench lssp-zeros.fut 
futhark bench lssp-same.fut 
futhark bench lssp-same.fut 
futhark bench lssp-zeros.fut 
futhark bench lssp-zeros.fut 
futhark bench lssp-zeros.fut 
futhark bench lssp-zeros.fut 
futhark bench lssp-zeros.fut 
futhark test --backend=cuda lssp-sorted.fut 
futhark test --backend=cuda lssp-sorted.fut 
futhark test --backend=cuda lssp-sorted.fut 
futhark bench lssp-same.fut 
futhark bench lssp-zeros.fut 
dotnet fsi
futhark bench lssp-zeros.fut 
futhark bench lssp-same.fut 
futhark bench lssp-same.fut 
futhark bench lssp-sorted.fut 
futhark bench lssp-zeros.fut 
futhark bench lssp-zeros.fut 
futhark bench lssp-sorted.fut 
futhark bench lssp-same.fut 
futhark bench lssp-zeros.fut 
futhark bench lssp-zeros.fut 
futhark bench lssp-zeros.fut 
futhark bench lssp-seq.fut 
futhark bench lssp-same.fut 
futhark bench lssp-same.fut 
futhark bench lssp-same.fut 
futhark bench lssp-same.fut 
futhark bench lssp-same.fut 
futhark bench lssp-same.fut 
futhark bench lssp-sorted.fut 
futhark bench lssp-sorted.fut 
futhark bench lssp-sorted.fut 
futhark bench lssp-sorted.fut 
futhark bench lssp-sorted.fut 
ls
cd ..
ls
cd ..
ls
cabal test 
ghcup
